SABRE Fighter Plane Simulator

"shoot" scenarios

# Main Key Review: (see keys.txt for a listing of all the keys)
'Q': Quit SABRE (use when boss appoaches)
' ': (spacebar OR mouse button) Fire guns
'7': Target track view
'8': Opponent track view
'1': Forward view
'C': Turn cockpit off/on  Useful for getting a better view 
'{': Turn exterior off/on. Gives an even better view.

Briefing:

This puts you in the cockpit of your F-86 SabreJet, sitting about
700 feet off the tail of a rather clueless MiG-15. All you have to do
is hold the plane steady and squeeze the trigger (mouse button or
space bar) for a nice easy kill.  

After the thrill wears off, you really want to use this scenario to
get familiar with the various tools you have to make your air combat
experience a healthy and satisfying one. 

1. The Lead-Target Box

Run "shoot" again, but don't be so trigger-happy this time. Take note of
the green box that appears in relation to the MiG. This is your Lead Target
Box. Combined with the Gun Pipper (the green circular symbol), it helps you to accurately
aim your weapon to account for the target's distance and motion. Using it is very simple.
When the Gun Pipper is at or near the center of the Lead Target Box, shoot!


2. Target Track View   '7' key

Run "shoot" again, but this time, turn left or right so the MiG dissapears
from view, then hit the '7' key. Notice that the MiG appears in the
center of the screen, with your plane also in view so that you can
immediately see your relationship to him. Even if you are so far away that
the MiG is a mere dot, or actually not visible, he will nonetheless be
centered in the screen. To line up with him, turn your plane so that the
tail is facing towards you. Now, use the '1' key to go back to the
more normal front view, and he should be in sight.

The Target Track View was designed to overcome the visual limitations of
the computer screen. Although maneuvering while in the Target Track View may 
be disorienting at first, it is worth your while to get familiar with this 
view, as it is very useful in combat.





